.TH UNBURDEN-HOME-DIR "1" "Dec 2012" "Unburden Home Directory" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
unburden\-home\-dir \- unburdens home directories from caches and trashes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unburden\-home\-dir
[ \fB-n\fR | \fB-u\fR | \fB-f\fR \fIfilter\fR ]
.br
.B unburden\-home\-dir
( \fB\-h\fR | \fB\-\-help\fR | \fB\-\-version\fR )
.SH DESCRIPTION
unburden\-home\-dir unburdens the home directory from files and
directory which cause high I/O or disk usage but are neither important
if they are lost, e.g. caches or trash directory.
.PP
When being run it moves the files and directories given in the
configuration file to a location outside the home directory,
e.g. \fI/tmp\fR or \fI/scratch\fR, and puts appropriate symbolic links
in the home directory instead.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR
use the given string as basename instead of "unburden-home-dir".
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
read an additional configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-C\fR
read only the given configuration file
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
just unburden those directory matched by the given filter (a perl
regular expression) \(em it matches the already unburdened
directories if used together with \fB\-u\fR.
.TP
\fB\-F\fR
Do not check for files in use with lsof before (re)moving files.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR
read an additional list file
.TP
\fB\-L\fR
read only the given list file
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
dry run (show what would be done)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR
undo (reverse the functionality and put stuff back into the home
directory)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show the program's version
.SH EXAMPLES
Example configuration files can be found at
\fI/usr/share/doc/unburden-home-dir/examples\fR on Debian-based
systems and in the \fIetc/\fR directory of the source tar ball.
.SH FILES
\fI/etc/unburden-home-dir\fR,
\fI/etc/unburden-home-dir.list\fR,
\fI~/.unburden-home-dir\fR,
\fI~/.unburden-home-dir.list\fR,
\fI~/.config/unburden-home-dir/config\fR,
\fI~/.config/unburden-home-dir/list\fR,
\fI/etc/default/unburden-home-dir\fR,
\fI/etc/X11/Xsession.d/95unburden-home-dir\fR
.PP
Read \fI/usr/share/doc/unburden-home-dir/README\fR on debianoid
installations or \fIREADME\fR in the source tar ball for an
explanation of these files.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBcorekeeper\fR (\fIhttp://packages.debian.org/sid/corekeeper\fR),
\fBautotrash\fR(1),
\fBagedu\fR(1),
\fBbleachbit\fR(1).
\fBmundus\fR (\fIhttp://www.mundusproject.org/\fR).
\fBcomputer-janitor\fR(1).
.PP
For \fBdu\fR(1)-like but more comfortable tools, see \fBncdu\fR(1)
(text-mode), \fBbaobab\fR(1) (GNOME), \fBfilelight\fR(1) (KDE),
\fBxdiskusage\fR(1) (X tool calling \fBdu\fR(1) itself), or
\fBxdu\fR(1) (X tool reading \fBdu\fR(1) output from STDIN).
.SH AUTHOR
Unburden Home Dir is written and maintained by Axel Beckert
<\fIbeckert@phys.ethz.ch\fR>
.SH LICENSE
Unburden Home Dir is available under the terms of the GNU General
Public License (GPL) version 2 or any later version at your option.
